Acquisition
Sentence: NVIDIA to Acquire Mellanox for $6.9 Billion Unites leaders in processing and interconnect for the high performance computing market Builds on the companies long history of collaboration and joint innovation Expected to be accretive to NVIDIA s non-GAAP gross margin , non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow immediately after close SANTA CLARA , Calif. , and YOKNEAM , Israel , March 11 , 2019 ( ) NVIDIA and Mellanox today announced that the companies have reached a definitive agreement under which NVIDIA will acquire Mellanox . Pursuant to the agreement , NVIDIA will acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Mellanox for $125 per share in cash , representing a total enterprise value of approximately $6.9 billion . Once complete , the combination is expected to be immediately accretive to NVIDIA s non-GAAP gross margin , non-GAAP earnings per share and free cash flow . The acquisition will unite two of the world s leading companies in high performance computing ( HPC ) . Together , NVIDIA s computing platform and Mellanox s interconnects power over 250 of the world s TOP500 supercomputers and have as customers every major cloud service provider and computer maker . The data and compute intensity of modern workloads in AI , scientific computing and data analytics is growing exponentially and has put enormous performance demands on hyperscale and enterprise datacenters . While computing demand is surging , CPU performance advances are slowing as Moore s law has ended . This has led to the adoption of accelerated computing with NVIDIA GPUs and Mellanox s intelligent networking solutions . Datacenters in the future will be architected as giant compute engines with tens of thousands of compute nodes , designed holistically with their interconnects for optimal performance . An early innovator in high-performance interconnect technology , Mellanox pioneered the InfiniBand interconnect technology , which along with its high-speed Ethernet products is now used in over half of the world s fastest supercomputers and in many leading hyperscale datacenters . With Mellanox , NVIDIA will optimize datacenter-scale workloads across the entire computing , networking and storage stack to achieve higher performance , greater utilization and lower operating cost for customers . The emergence of AI and data science , as well as billions of simultaneous computer users , is fueling skyrocketing demand on the world s datacenters , said Jensen Huang , founder and CEO of NVIDIA . Addressing this demand will require holistic architectures that connect vast numbers of fast computing nodes over intelligent networking fabrics to form a giant datacenter-scale compute engine . We re excited to unite NVIDIA s accelerated computing platform with Mellanox s world-renowned accelerated networking platform under one roof to create next-generation datacenter-scale computing solutions . I am particularly thrilled to work closely with the visionary leaders of Mellanox and their amazing people to invent the computers of tomorrow . We share the same vision for accelerated computing as NVIDIA , said Eyal Waldman , founder and CEO of Mellanox . Combining our two companies comes as a natural extension
Event: I-A

Clinical Trial
Sentence: FDA Approves EYLEA ( aflibercept ) Injection sBLA in Wet Age-related Macular Degeneration TARRYTOWN , N.Y. , Aug . 17 , 2018 / / Regeneron Pharmaceuticals , Inc . ( NASDAQ: REGN ) today announced that the U.S . Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has approved a supplemental Biologics License Application ( sBLA ) for EYLEA ( aflibercept ) Injection in patients with wet age-related macular degeneration ( wet AMD ) . The sBLA was based on second-year data from the Phase 3 VIEW 1 and 2 trials in which patients with wet AMD were treated with a modified 12-week dosing schedule ( doses given at least every 12 weeks , and additional doses as needed ) . These data are now included in the updated EYLEA label . "We are pleased that the FDA has approved an updated label for EYLEA," said George D . Yancopoulos , M.D. , Ph.D. , President and Chief Scientific Officer of Regeneron . "Providing information to retinal physicians about the visual outcomes with a modified 12-week dosing schedule will help physicans make the most informed choices in treating patients suffering from wet age-related macular degeneration." EYLEA is also approved in wet AMD for every four- or eight-week dosing intervals after three initial monthly doses . About EYLEA ( aflibercept ) InjectionEYLEA ( aflibercept ) Injection is a vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) inhibitor formulated as an injection for the eye . It is designed to block the growth of new blood vessels and decrease the ability of fluid to pass through blood vessels ( vascular permeability ) in the eye by blocking VEGF-A and placental growth factor ( PLGF ) , two growth factors involved in angiogenesis . In the U.S. , EYLEA is the market-leading , FDA-approved anti-VEGF treatment for its approved indications and is supported by a robust body of research that includes seven pivotal Phase 3 trials . IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR EYLEA ( aflibercept ) INJECTION EYLEA ( aflibercept ) Injection is contraindicated in patients with ocular or periocular infections , active intraocular inflammation , or known hypersensitivity to aflibercept or to any of the excipients in EYLEA . Intravitreal injections , including those with EYLEA , have been associated with endophthalmitis and retinal detachments . Proper aseptic injection technique must always be used when administering EYLEA . Patients should be instructed to report any symptoms suggestive of endophthalmitis or retinal detachment without delay and should be managed appropriately . Intraocular inflammation has been reported with the use of EYLEA . Acute increases in intraocular pressure have been seen within 60 minutes of intravitreal injection , including with EYLEA . Sustained increases in intraocular pressure have also been reported after repeated intravitreal dosing with VEGF inhibitors . Intraocular pressure and the perfusion of the optic nerve head should be monitored and managed appropriately . There is a potential risk of arterial thromboembolic events ( ATEs ) following intravitreal use of VEGF inhibitors , including EYLEA . ATEs are defined as nonfatal stroke , nonfatal myocardial infarction ,
Event: I-CT

Regular Dividend
Sentence: McRae Industries , Inc . Dividend Declared MOUNT GILEAD , N.C. , Sept . 3 , 2020 / / McRae Industries , Inc . ( Pink Sheets: MCRAA and MCRAB ) declared a dividend of $.13 per share on the Company's Class A and Class B Common Stock payable on September 30 , 2020 to shareholders of record on September 16 , 2020 . SOURCE McRae Industries , Inc.
Event: I-RD

Dividend Cut
Sentence: Alcanna Inc . Announces Termination of Quarterly Cash Dividend EDMONTON , Alberta , Dec . 13 , 2018 ( ) Alcanna Inc . ( the "Company" or Alcanna ) ( TSX:"CLIQ" ) announced today that it will eliminate its quarterly cash dividend effective immediately . As a result of the termination of its dividend , the Company's Dividend Reinvestment Plan ( the DRIP ) will also be terminated . The Company has embarked on a capital-intensive growth strategy over the next 2-3 years . Capital will be invested in as many as 10 new Wine and Beyond stores in Alberta and possibly elsewhere , building out Nova Cannabis stores , funding the initial launch of the Canadian Liquor Retailers Alliance , as well as completion of the ERP and potential future acquisitions . The Company believes that it is in the best interests of the shareholders to invest all free cash flow in the growth opportunities available to the business which is expected to result in an increase in shareholder value over the medium term versus continuing dividend payments . The Company intends to provide each DRIP participant notice of such termination in accordance with the terms of the DRIP . ABOUT ALCANNA INC . Alcanna ( formerly Liquor Stores N.A . Ltd. ) is one of the largest private sector retailers of controlled substances in North America and the largest in Canada owning and operating 233 alcohol and cannabis retail locations in Alberta , B.C . and Alaska . With revenues in excess of $600 million per year , Alcanna processes over 20 million individual retail transactions . Alcanna's innovative Wine and Beyond brand brought an entirely new concept to alcohol sales in Alberta in a large format experiential environment with over 10,000 different products to choose from , many sold only at Alcanna stores , at competitive prices while our Liquor Depot brand is ubiquitous throughout Alberta . Alcanna s Nova Cannabis banner established itself as a market leader in Alberta in the early weeks of cannabis legalisation . Alcanna's common shares and convertible subordinated debentures trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols CLIQ and CLIQ.DB , respectively . Additional information about Alcanna Inc . is available at www.sedar.com and its website at www.alcanna.ca/investors . FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This news release contains forward-looking statements or information ( collectively "forward-looking statements" ) within the meaning of applicable securities legislation . Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as intend , anticipate , "will" , "should" , plan , expect and similar words suggesting future events or future performance . All statements and information other than statements of historical fact contained in this news release are forward-looking statements . In particular , this news release contains forward-looking statements pertaining to: the Company s growth strategy over the next 2-3 years; the use of capital , including to open new Wine and Beyond and Nova Cannabis stores , funding the initial launch of the Canadian Liquor Retailers Alliance , the completion of the Company s ERP , potential future acquisitions ,
Event: I-DC

Dividend Increase
Sentence: Brady Corporation increases its dividend to shareholders for the 34th consecutive year MILWAUKEE , Sept . 05 , 2019 ( ) On September 4 , 2019 , Brady Corporation s ( NYSE: BRC ) Board of Directors approved an increase in the annual dividend to shareholders of the Company s Class A Common Stock from $0.85 per share to $0.87 per share . A quarterly dividend to shareholders of the company s Class A Common Stock of $0.2175 per share will be paid on October 31 , 2019 , to shareholders of record at the close of business on October 10 , 2019 . This dividend represents the 34th consecutive annual increase in dividends . Brady Corporation is an international manufacturer and marketer of complete solutions that identify and protect people , products and places . Brady s products help customers increase safety , security , productivity and performance and include high-performance labels , signs , safety devices , printing systems and software . Founded in 1914 , the Company has a diverse customer base in electronics , telecommunications , manufacturing , electrical , construction , medical , aerospace and a variety of other industries . Brady is headquartered in Milwaukee , Wisconsin and as of July 31 , 2018 , employed approximately 6,200 people in its worldwide businesses . Brady s fiscal 2018 sales were approximately $1.17 billion . Brady stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BRC . More information is available on the Internet at www.bradycorp.com .
Event: I-DI

Guidance Increase
Sentence: CoreLogic Increases 2012 Financial Guidance Improving Origination Outlook , Operating Leverage and the Benefits of Cost Reduction Programs Drive Increased Revenue , Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Earnings per Share Guidance Increase in full year guidance reflects higher forecasted mortgage originations , successful execution of Project 30 cost initiatives and margin expansion in the Mortgage Origination Services and Data and Analytics segments . Second quarter 2012 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share expected to be up at least 15% from first quarter 2012 run rates on higher revenues , improved operating leverage and ongoing cost reduction programs . Company confirms the completion of its previously announced $100 million debt reduction program . SANTA ANA , Calif. , June 28 , 2012 / / CoreLogic ( NYSE:CLGX ) , a leading provider of information , analytics and business services , today updated its financial guidance for 2012 . ( Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20100609/CLLOGO ) Anand Nallathambi , President and Chief Executive Officer , said , "CoreLogic continues to successfully execute on its 2012 business plan . Strong anticipated second quarter results and increased full year financial guidance reflect the improving outlook for mortgage origination levels , successful execution of our cost savings initiatives and higher profitability in each of our operating segments . Improvement in the Company's financial results over the past year clearly demonstrates the growth potential , operating leverage and resiliency resident in our "must have" data and information assets and mortgage origination-related businesses." "We expect to grow revenues and profits at a double-digit rate over the first half of 2012 compared with the same 2011 period . At the same time , our focus on margin expansion and operating efficiency is fueling strong free cash flow generation which is funding a reduction in debt levels and the repurchase of our common shares," added Frank Martell , Chief Financial Officer . "We believe CoreLogic is well positioned to deliver against our business and financial objectives in 2012 and to return capital to our shareholders." 2012 Financial Guidance ( 1 ) ( $ in millions ) Previous 2012 Guidance Updated 2012 Guidance Revenue $1,400 - $1,450 $1,450 $1,480 Adjusted EBITDA $340 - $360 $370 - $390 Adjusted EPS $1.00 - $1.05 $1.15 - $1.20 ( 1 ) Certain information presented in this release is on an adjusted basis . For more information about the Company's adjusted results , as well as other non-GAAP financial measures used by management , please refer to the discussion on the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures found on page 3 of this release . 2012 Guidance Highlights Revised guidance for the full year of 2012 is based on the following estimates and assumptions: Current year volumes of mortgage loan originations are expected to be approximately $1.3 trillion . Overall mortgage delinquency volumes are projected to contract at least 10% from 2011 levels . Successful execution of identified Project 30 cost savings initiatives totaling $60 million in 2012 . Repurchase of 5 million common shares prior to year-end 2012 . Second Quarter Earnings Release and Conference Call CoreLogic expects to
Event: I-GC

New Contract
Sentence: Raven Industries Awarded $36M Radar Prime Contract Radar Systems and Services to Support U.S . Navy Operations SIOUX FALLS , S.D. , Oct . 02 , 2018 ( ) Raven Industries ( NASDAQ:RAVN ) announced today that Raven Aerostar has been awarded a five-year $36.2M contract for the delivery , installation , operation and sustainment support of Air Surveillance Radar Systems onboard the U.S . Navy s T-EPF class ships . This is a significant win for Raven Aerostar , and this contract is directly aligned with our purpose to connect , protect and save lives , said Scott Wickersham , Division Vice President & General Manager of Raven Aerostar . We have a strategic focus to grow our core business in stratospheric balloon platforms and radar systems , and Raven Aerostar will continue developing more advanced radar systems that provide best value to scalable market opportunities . The contract was awarded by the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division . Under this contract , Raven Aerostar will deliver Vista F50ER1 Radar Systems and provide technical support , system operator support , and classroom and shipboard training . Raven expects revenues from this contract to be spread out over a period of five years , with deliveries beginning next year . About Raven Industries , Inc . Raven Industries ( NASDAQ: RAVN ) is dedicated to providing innovative , high-value products and solutions that solve great challenges throughout the world . Raven is a leader in precision agriculture , high-performance specialty films , and lighter-than-air technologies . Since 1956 , Raven has designed , produced , and delivered exceptional solutions , earning the company a reputation for innovation , product quality , high performance , and unmatched service . For more information , visit http://ravenind.com . About Raven Aerostar Raven Aerostar consists of wholly-owned subsidiaries Aerostar International , Inc . and Aerostar Technical Solutions , Inc . Raven Aerostar is dedicated to enhancing security and connecting the world through stratospheric platforms , situational awareness technology , and specialty sewn products . The company s highly technical product lines include stratospheric platforms , radar systems , tethered aerostats , inflatable military decoys and protective wear garments . Visit http://ravenaerostar.com for more information.
Event: I-NC

Reverse Stock Split
Sentence: Era Group Announces Board Approval of Reverse Stock Split HOUSTON , June 01 , 2020 ( ) Era Group Inc . ( NYSE:ERA ) ( Era ) announced today that on June 1 , 2020 , the Board of Directors of Era ( the Board ) approved an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Era to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Era in connection with the consummation of the proposed merger transaction involving Era and Bristow Group Inc . ( Bristow ) , ( the Reverse Stock Split ) . The approval of the Reverse Stock Split by the Board follows the Board s careful evaluation of whether or not to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split , which involved consultation with Era s management and outside advisors and Bristow . Following such evaluation , the Board has determined that the Reverse Stock Split is fair and in the best interests of the stockholders of Era . If the Reverse Stock Split is effected , the shares of common stock of Era outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Reverse Stock Split would be reclassified into a smaller number of shares such that a stockholder of Era will own one share of common stock of Era for each three shares of common stock of Era held by that stockholder immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Reverse Stock Split . The Reverse Stock Split is subject to ( i ) Era obtaining the requisite approval of the stockholders of Era and ( ii ) the consummation of the proposed merger transaction involving Era and Bristow . The Reverse Stock Split will be submitted to a vote of the stockholders of Era at the annual meeting of Era s stockholders , to be held exclusively online via a live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ERA2020 on June 11 , 2020 at 9:00 a.m . Central Time ( the 2020 Meeting ) . Approval of the Reverse Stock Split requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of all outstanding shares of common stock of Era entitled to vote at the 2020 Meeting . As of May 6 , 2020 , Era s directors and executive officers own approximately 8.86% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Era and are expected to vote FOR the Reverse Stock Split . The Reverse Stock Split will affect all stockholders of Era uniformly and will not affect any stockholder s percentage of ownership interests in Era , except to the extent that the Reverse Stock Split results in any of the stockholders of Era owning a fractional share , as described below . Proportional adjustments will also be made with respect to Era s equity compensation plans and awards . No fractional shares will be issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split . Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split will be rounded down to the nearest whole number , and each stockholder of Era who would otherwise
Event: I-RSS

Special Dividend
Sentence: Avon Declares Special Cash Dividend NEW YORK , Dec . 24 , 2019 / / The Board of Directors of Avon Products , Inc . ( NYSE: AVP ) ( the "Company" ) today approved a one-time special cash dividend on the Company's common stock and Series C Preferred Stock ( on an as-converted to common stock basis ) of $0.01604429 per share ( the "Special Dividend" ) in connection with the previously announced proposed acquisition of the Company by Natura &Co Holding S.A . ( B3: NTCO3 ) , a new holding company for Natura Cosm ticos S.A . ( B3: NATU3 ) . The Special Dividend is payable to shareholders of record as of the close of business on December 30 , 2019 and will be paid on January 6 , 2020 . About Avon Products Inc.For more than 130 years Avon has stood for women: providing innovative , quality beauty products which are primarily sold to women , through women . Millions of independent sales Representatives across the world sell iconic Avon brands such as Avon Color and ANEW through their social networks , building their own beauty businesses on a full- or part-time basis . Avon supports women's empowerment , entrepreneurship and well-being and has donated over $1 billion to women's causes through Avon and the Avon Foundation . Learn more about Avon and its products at www.avonworldwide.com . #stand4her Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . Because forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties , actual future results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . These risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the possibility of business disruption , competitive uncertainties , and general economic and business conditions in Avon's markets as well as the other risks detailed in Avon's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31 , 2018 , and Avon's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Avon undertakes no obligation to update any statements in this press release for changes that happen after the date of this release . SOURCE AVON Products , Inc . Related Links http://www.avonworldwide.com
Event: I-SD

Stock Repurchase
Sentence: Extreme Networks Announces $60 Million Share Repurchase Program SAN JOSE , Calif. , Nov . 2 , 2018 / / Extreme Networks , Inc ( Nasdaq: EXTR ) , a software-driven networking company , today announced that its Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to $60 million of its common stock over the next two years . Purchases may be made from time-to-time in the open market , in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise . Any shares acquired will be available for general corporate purposes . The repurchase will be funded using the Company's working capital . As of September 30 , 2018 , Extreme Networks had 118.3 million shares of common stock outstanding . "After completing two acquisitions in the span of a year and investing in integrating these assets , we recently paid down a portion of our debt and now expect to generate strong cash flow," said Ed Meyercord , Extreme's President and CEO . "We started off fiscal year 2019 with strong cash collections . Combined with the strength of our existing balance sheet , and our Board's commitment to fiscal responsibility , this stock buyback program will help us improve shareholder value and minimize dilution from our equity programs," added Meyercord . The manner , timing and amount of any purchases will be determined by the Company's management based on their evaluation of market conditions , stock price , Extreme's ongoing determination that it is the best use of available cash and other factors . The repurchase program does not obligate Extreme to acquire any common stock , may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice and will be subject to regulatory considerations . Forward-Looking StatementsStatements in this press release regarding the company's cash flow and its intention to repurchase shares of its common stock from time to time under the stock repurchase program are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties . There are several important factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from those suggested or indicated by such forward-looking statements . These include , among others , the market price of the company's stock prevailing from time to time , the nature of other investment opportunities presented to the company from time to time , the company's cash flows from operations , general economic conditions , and other factors discussed under Item 1A . "Risk Factors," in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K , Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC . The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements , whether as a result of new information , the occurrence of certain events or otherwise . As a result of these risks and others , actual results could vary significantly from those anticipated in this press release , and the company's financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected . About Extreme Networks Extreme Networks , Inc . ( EXTR ) delivers software-driven solutions from the enterprise edge to the cloud that
Event: I-SR

Stock Split
Sentence: Cameo Resources Corp . Effects 3-for-1 Forward Stock Split and Changes Name to Cameo Cobalt Corp . VANCOUVER , British Columbia , May 23 , 2018 ( ) Cameo Resources Corp . ( TSX-V:CRU ) ( OTC:CRUUF ) ( FWB:SY7D ) ( the Company or Cameo ) is pleased to announce that the Company's common shares will be split on a ( 1 ) one old for ( 3 ) three new basis . The Company is also pleased to report it will also change its name to Cameo Cobalt Corp . Cameo's name change reflects the Company's new strategic focus on energy-metals exploration . The Company s trading symbol , CRU , will remain unchanged . Effective at the opening on Friday , May 25 , 2018 , the common shares of Cameo Cobalt Corp . will commence trading on a split basis on TSX Venture Exchange . Common shareholders of record at the close of business on May 28 , 2018 will be mailed additional certificates . The new certificates will be mailed on or about May 31 , 2018 . The push-out method will be used to effect the split . Outstanding stock options and share purchase warrants will also be adjusted by the forward split ratio , and the respective exercise prices of outstanding stock options and share purchase warrants will be adjusted accordingly . Shareholders of the Company , with or without a physical share certificate , do not need to take any action with respect to the forward split . The Company's transfer agent will send registered owners of common shares a share certificate or DRS advice which will represent the additional number of common shares to be received as a result of the forward split . Post split Cameo will have 55,674,156 shares issued and outstanding . CAMEO RESOURCES CORP . Akash Patel Akash Patel President ( 778 ) 549-6714 Email: akashp006@gmail.com www.cameoresources.com Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Event: I-SS

Other
Sentence: Harmonic Announces IBC 2020 Edition of Live Connection Virtual Showcase SAN JOSE , Calif. , Sept . 1 , 2020 / / Harmonic ( NASDAQ: HLIT ) today announced that it will host the IBC 2020 Edition of its signature digital event , Live Connection , for the global video streaming and broadcast community . The virtual showcase will include a series of thought-provoking webinars hosted by industry-leading experts , a virtual showroom featuring the latest innovations and essential insights on video streaming and delivery , and one-on-one meetings with Harmonic team members . "Harmonic Live Connection IBC 2020 Edition reunites our diverse global community of streaming platform companies , service providers , broadcasters and content owners on a virtual stage," said Shahar Bar , senior vice president , video products and corporate development at Harmonic . "Our SaaS platforms and video appliances are continuously pushing forward the envelope of innovation for video streaming , broadcast delivery and service continuity . We are excited to share our recent advances in personalized advertising , channel origination in the cloud , quality of experience as well as rapid scaling for live streaming of sporting events." The webinar series will focus on emerging streaming and cloud technologies and applications . Attendees will benefit from engaging content , deep insights into current industry trends and cutting-edge technical expertise related to advanced video delivery innovations , including enhancements for live sports streaming , advances to satellite and cloud distribution , and optimizing OTT delivery with analytics . A virtual showroom , opening on Sept . 10 , will offer access to a range of never-before-seen videos and interactive demos on recent developments to Harmonic's VOS 360 Live Streaming Platform , VOS360 Channel Origination & Distribution Platform , VOS Cloud-Native Software and XOS Advanced Media Processors . Attendees can also set up one-on-one meetings with Harmonic team members to discuss customized solutions tuned to their unique applications . To learn more about Live Connection IBC 2020 Edition and register for the digital event , please visit https://live.harmonicinc.com/video-streaming/ibc-2020-edition . Further information about Harmonic and the company's solutions is available at www.harmonicinc.com . About HarmonicHarmonic ( NASDAQ: HLIT ) , the worldwide leader in virtualized cable access and video delivery solutions , enables media companies and service providers to deliver ultra-high-quality video streaming and broadcast services to consumers globally . The company revolutionized cable access networking via the industry's first virtualized cable access solution , enabling cable operators to more flexibly deploy gigabit internet service to consumers' homes and mobile devices . Whether simplifying OTT video delivery via innovative cloud and software platforms , or powering the delivery of gigabit internet cable services , Harmonic is changing the way media companies and service providers monetize live and on-demand content on every screen . More information is available at www.harmonicinc.com . This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . Statements concerning Harmonic's business and the anticipated capabilities , advantages ,
Event: O
